Test Commands for Football Manager Assistant
=========================================

1. change mentality to balanced and high press and much higher defensive line and be more expressive and calm down and change s1 with goalkeeper

2. change mentality to defensive and low block and much lower defensive line and be more disciplined and work ball into box and change s2 with striker

3. change mentality to attacking and high press and higher defensive line and hit early crosses and demand more and change s3 with midfielder

4. change mentality to cautious and mid block and standard defensive line and pass into space and focus and change s4 with defender

5. change mentality to positive and low block and lower defensive line and shoot on sight and praise and change s5 with winger

6. change mentality to very defensive and drop deep and much lower defensive line and be more disciplined and calm down and change s6 with full back

7. change mentality to very attacking and high press and much higher defensive line and be more expressive and fire up and change s7 with center back

8. change mentality to balanced and mid block and higher defensive line and work ball into box and focus and change s8 with attacking midfielder

9. change mentality to defensive and low block and standard defensive line and pass to space and no pressure and change s9 with defensive midfielder

10. change mentality to attacking and high press and lower defensive line and hit early crosses and demand more and change s10 with wing back

11. change mentality to cautious and drop deep and much lower defensive line and shoot on sight and calm down and change s11 with center midfielder

12. change mentality to positive and high press and much higher defensive line and pass into space and praise and change s12 with forward

13. change mentality to very defensive and mid block and higher defensive line and work the ball into box and focus and change s13 with sweeper

14. change mentality to very attacking and low block and standard defensive line and hit early crosses and fire up and change s14 with playmaker

15. change mentality to balanced and high press and lower defensive line and pass to space and no pressure and change s15 with target man

16. change mentality to defensive and drop deep and much lower defensive line and shoot on sight and calm down and change s16 with poacher

17. change mentality to attacking and mid block and much higher defensive line and work ball into box and demand more and change s17 with advanced forward

18. change mentality to cautious and low block and higher defensive line and pass into space and focus and change s18 with deep lying forward

19. change mentality to positive and high press and standard defensive line and hit early crosses and praise and change s19 with shadow striker

20. change mentality to very defensive and drop deep and lower defensive line and work the ball into box and calm down and change s20 with pressing forward

21. change mentality to very attacking and high press and much lower defensive line and pass to space and fire up and change s21 with trequartista

22. change mentality to balanced and mid block and much higher defensive line and shoot on sight and no pressure and change s22 with false nine

23. change mentality to defensive and low block and higher defensive line and work ball into box and focus and change s23 with complete forward

24. change mentality to attacking and drop deep and standard defensive line and pass into space and demand more and change s24 with defensive forward

25. change mentality to cautious and high press and lower defensive line and hit early crosses and praise and change s25 with pressing forward

26. change mentality to positive and mid block and much lower defensive line and work the ball into box and calm down and change s26 with target man

27. change mentality to very defensive and low block and much higher defensive line and pass to space and focus and change s27 with poacher

28. change mentality to very attacking and high press and higher defensive line and shoot on sight and fire up and change s28 with advanced forward

29. change mentality to balanced and drop deep and standard defensive line and work ball into box and no pressure and change s29 with deep lying forward

30. change mentality to defensive and mid block and lower defensive line and pass into space and demand more and change s30 with shadow striker

Note: These commands test various combinations of:
- Mentalities (all 7 types)
- Defensive shapes (high press, mid block, low block, drop deep)
- Defensive lines (much higher, higher, standard, lower, much lower)
- Instructions (be more expressive, be more disciplined, work ball into box, etc.)
- Shouts (calm down, demand more, focus, fire up, no pressure, praise)
- Substitutions (all 30 positions with different player types) 